Update label-property-configuration.md (#4855)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/block-editor/label-property-configuration.md

It is also possible to use properties from the settings model by using `{{$settings.propertyAlias}}`.

> If you like to make a fallback label, it can be achieved in this way: `{{myProperty || $contentTypeName}}`, this will show as the value of `myProperty` if its not defined then the name of the ElementType will be displayed.

Reviewer: Rephrased a bit to shorten the sentence length, and hopefully improve the readability a bit 🤞 
Let me know what you think!

```suggestion
In some cases, you might want to create a fallback label. This can be achieved using the following format: `{{myProperty || $contentTypeName}}`.

This example will show the name of the ElementType when the value of `myProperty` is not defined.
```
